welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the logitech t6 20 touch mouse this is
designed for Windows 8 and Bob them this
basically Windows 8 compatible and you
should use it with Windows 8 it has 6
customizable gestures for the top of the
mouth surface full touch design for
smooth control a multi surface tracking
ok so that means the laser or optical or
whatever it is in there Laser laser
great optical sensor okay so it's
optical but it's a really good one so
the optical sensor can track on pretty
much anything you can scan the QR code
to learn more it uses the unifying
reciever so you can connect up to 6
logitech compatible devices whether the
keyboards mice remotes whatever else you
want to do using that one little dongle
in your computer full touch surface lets
you naturally swipe scroll tap and click
wherever your fingers rest glide through
Windows 8 with intuitive gestures for
vertical and horizontal scrolling Start
screen access act switching and more
smooth rounded shape for comfortable
handling and gesturing and this shows
you some of the gestures so there's
vertical scrolling and horizontal
scrolling back and four-oh back and
forward swipes Windows 8 Start screen in
the middle and then app switching where
you can swipe in from the left so let's
get this bad boy opened up and find out
just how awesome it is we've got an 8
Windows 8 notebook here so we can try it
out pretty much immediately and I have
no idea why that's there and I don't
know what's going on here so there's
double-a batteries so it runs off
double-a so you could just use
rechargeable doublea's but if it's
anything like Logitech's recent products
it's gonna run for like a billion years
on batteries anyway so yeah it's been a
long time since i've replaced any
batteries on the logitech it's funny
they don't call that out on the
packaging or anything but so insert
batteries attach battery door power on
the mouse plug in the receiver and we're
gonna do all that stuff and we'll be
back in a moment there's a little guide
in the manual showing you most of the
functions but if you open up the set
point software software software it
actually shows you everything you can do
so you can middle click I click the
lower two-thirds of the touch surface
with two fingers so I'll show you guys
everything that we're doing so for
example you can middle click to open up
or to close a browser
middle-click done so you just put your
fingers there and you actually the whole
the whole mouse only has one click and
it uses the touch the the touch
sensitive surface on the top to
determine what you want to do so that's
why this is a middle click this is a
right click and this is a left click see
that very cool so it just goes oh
there's only something on the right side
that must be a right click very very
cool stuff okay so back to back to set
point which I can access by maybe going
actually I don't remember where we left
that we left that on the desktop right
okay so let's go back to start there we
go back to the okay let's go back to the
desktop and I really don't all right
slick always hides a Start menu so
that's why I'm having trouble with this
okay so middle click here we go so
double tap the 2/3 surface lower
two-thirds of the touch surface with one
finger you can set all kinds of
different cool stuff
so check this out double tap lower
two-thirds and does it not like it if I
pick it up oh there we go yeah
apparently doesn't doesn't like that
doesn't want to work if I pick it up but
there you go double tap in order to
start show will slash hide the desktop
you can set something up if you want but
we don't have anything stop switching
applications is done by swiping from the
left edge of the mouse with one finger
so I better keep it here sorry the
laptops not level which is making this
hard there we go so I just swipe like
that to switch between applications very
cool stuff ok show charms is swiping in
from the right edge with one finger so
this will make accessing the charms menu
a billion times easier then if you have
to kind of go to the corner and then
wait for it to pop up and then yeah so
you just want to do that okay then for
movement you can actually use it for
vertical scrolling horizontal scrolling
and back and forward so let's go to a
browser so we're gonna do our one
let's close that point and then we're
gonna do our double click then we're
gonna go to scroll over here you
probably don't even have Internet
Explorer here do you slick yeah you use
night all right
good for you with your Firefox pre-alpha
there you go okay so all we got to do is
you know go to some I don't know some
page or something and then check it out
so we showed you scrolling inside the
Windows 8 UI now we can show you
scrolling on a page just like that don't
have to have a physical mouse wheel
anymore no big deal and I accidentally
clicked but it's okay don't let that
sort of take away from the coolness of
this experience and then back is done
with two fingers to the left and forward
is done with two fingers to the right
which I have a little bit of trouble
with I find forward a little bit awkward
but I don't have much trouble with back
it'll take some getting used to
oh yeah I did it before there we go but
it's a totally new way of interacting
with to your computer using the mouse to
enable the touch features of Windows 8
without actually having a touchscreen
monitor so thank you for checking out my
unboxing and first look at I completely
forget the model number now thank you of
the t6 20 touch mouse from Logitech
don't forget to subscribe for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos and I don't think I ever showed
this but it has an on/off switch
there's the batteries are sort of here
and you can store your unifying reciever
here if you want to use it as a notebook
Mouse and sort of carry it around with
you so you just kind of Chuck that in
there and then you don't have to worry
about it getting lost so close that and
I don't think I ever give you a close
look at it overall actually so there you
go that's what the mouse looks like and
then you can put it in your little
carrying bag and it will be protected
because it's a touchscreen surface or a
touchscreen touch surface so you don't
want to sort of wreck it and we're done